Phone   9788885400

Mail    ecci.tirunelveli@gmail.com

Address No 37 B, 'C' Colony, Perumalpuram Tirunelveli

Some intro

ECCI Academy India was born out of the international experience built by ECCI Group and has the sole purpose of improving employability among youth in South India within the technology industry through focused training programs covering 

   IT Tools
  Software Technology
  Behavioral Skills
  Communication Skills


Types

Software courses

PYTHON
Python is a widely used high-level programming language for general-purpose programming & object-oriented



Python is a widely used high-level programming language for general-purpose programming.Python uses dynamic typing, and a combination of reference counting and a cycle-detecting garbage collector for memory management. It also features dynamic name resolution which binds method and variable names during program execution.

Python 2.0 was released on 16 October 2000 and had many major new features, including a cycle-detecting garbage collector and support for Unicode. With this release, the development process became more transparent and community-backed

Python features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management. It supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative, functional and procedural

Python Covered Topics
  Getting started with Python
  Salient Features of Python
  Installing Python
  Data types and Variables
  Numbers
  Comments in Python
  Strings
  List
  List and String	
  	Tuples
  	Set
  	Dictionary
  	Control Structure
  	Looping
  Basic Functions	
  Basic I/O	
  	OOPS Concept
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate with efficient programming skills in Python Programming.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (Python 3.5 and Notepad++) will be provided to the students.





JAVA
Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented


JAVA is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA),meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.Java is one of the most popular programming languages in useparticularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers. Java was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems (which has since been acquired by Oracle Corporation) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform. The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.
Advance Java Covered Topics
  Introduction to Web Application Architecture
  Introduction to Servlets
  HTTP Protocol and HTTP Methods
  Web Server and Web Container
  Servlet Interface
  Generic Servlet
  	HTTP Servlet
  	Servlet Life Cycle
  	Servlet Config
  Servlet Context
  	Session Tracking Mechanism
  	Filters and Wrappers
  	Introduction to JSP
  JSP Life Cycle
  JSP Directives
  JSP Scripting Elements
  JSP Actions
  Connecting with Database
Course Outcome
Candidates will be able to create a dynamic web pages on their own.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (JDK 1.8, Net Beans, Notepad++) will be provided to the students.











DOT NET
Dot Net Framework is a software framework developed by Microsoft that runs primarily on Microsoft Windows


C# .NET
C# .NET is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines.C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. C# is an Object Oriented language and does not offer global variables or functions. Everything is wrapped in classes, even simple types like int and string, which inherits from the System.Object class. 

C# could theoretically be compiled to machine code, but in real life, it's always used in combination with the .NET framework. Therefore, applications written in C#, requires the .NET framework to be installed on the computer running the application. While the .NET framework makes it possible to use a wide range of languages, C# is sometimes referred to as THE .NET language, perhaps because it was designed together with the framework.
C# Covered Topics
	What is .NET?
	Introduction to CLR
	Introduction to JIT
	Features of .NET
	Data Types in C# 
	Boxing and Unboxing
	Creating Console Application
	Conditional and Looping Control Statements
	Arrays
	One Dimensional Arrays
	Two Dimensional Arrays
	Members of Arrays Class
	Methods
	Optional Parameters
	Param Array parameters
	Ref and Out Parameters
	Structures
	Constructors and Destructors
	Inheritance
	Polymorphism
	Abstract Class
	Exception
	Threads
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to write a C# program as per the company’s expectations
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (Visual Studio) will provided for the students







ANDROID
Android is an open source and Linux-based operating system for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers.


Android
Android is an open source and Linux-based operating system for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. Android was developed by the Open Handset Alliance, led by Google, and other companies

On June 27, 2012, at the Google I/O conference, Google announced the next Android version, 4.1 Jelly Bean. Jelly Bean is an incremental update, with the primary aim of improving the user interface, both in terms of functionality and performance.

The source code for Android is available under free and open source software licenses. Google publishes most of the code under the Apache License version 2.0 and the rest, Linux kernel changes, under the GNU General Public License version 2.
Android Covered Topics
  Understanding an App’s Architecture
  Engineering and Debugging an Application
  Programming your App’s Memory 
  	Creating Animated App’s
  Programming your App to make decisions: Conditional Blocks
  Programming Lists of Data
  Repeating Blocks: Iterations
  Defining Procedures: Reusing Blocks
  Working with Database
  Reading and Responding to Sensors
Course Outcome
Candidates will be able to create their own Android Applications such decision- making logic, data storage, sensor based and so on.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate.












PHP
PHP is a server-side scripting language designed primarily for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed primarily for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. PHP is a server side scripting language that is embedded in HTML. It is used to manage dynamic content, databases, session tracking, even build entire e-commerce sites.
Using PHP, you can restrict users to access some pages of your website.It can encrypt data. It is integrated with a number of popular databases, including MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, Sybase, Informix, and Microsoft SQL Server.
PHP Covered Topics
   Introduction to PHP
  WAMP / XAMP Installation
   Basic PHP syntax
   Output Functions in PHP
  Variables – local, static, global and super global
   Constants
  Data types 
  Operators
   Control Structures
  Functions – Math, String, Array, Date
   Error Handling
   Cookies
   Session
  MySQL Database – DDL, DML,
  PHP with MySQL
Course Outcome
Candidates will be able to create a dynamic web pages on their own.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (WAMP, XAMP and Notepad++) will be provided to the students.










ASP .NET
ASP.net is an open-source server-side web application framework designed for web development to produce dynamic web pages on top of the HTTP protocol.


ASP .NET is an open-source server-side web application framework designed for web development to produce dynamic web pages. It was developed by Microsoft to allow programmers to build dynamic web sites, web applications and web service ASP.NET works on top of the HTTP protocol, and uses the HTTP commands and policies to set a browser-to-server bilateral communication and cooperation.

ASP.NET is a part of Microsoft .Net platform. ASP.NET applications are compiled codes, written using the extensible and reusable components or objects present in .Net framework. These codes can use the entire hierarchy of classes in .Net framework.

The ASP.NET application codes can be written in any of the following languages: 

 C#
 Visual Basic.Net
 Jscript
 J#
ASP .NET Covered Topics
	Introduction to Web Applications
	Introduction to ASP .Net
	Creating ASP .Net Web Pages in Visual Studio
	Page Navigations
	Validations
	ADO .NET
	State Management
	Session Management
	Cookie
	Login Controls
	Security in ASP .NET
	Master Pages
	Themes
Course Outcome
Candidates will be able to create a dynamic web pages on their own.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (Visual Studio) will be provided to the students.





Hardware courses

A+ & N+
A+ is an entry-level computer certification for PC computer service technicians.
CompTIA Network+ is a vendor neutral networking certification that is trusted around the world.

A+ (A Plus) is an entry-level computer certification for PC computer service technicians. The exam is designed to certify the competency of entry-level PC computer service professionals in installing, maintaining, customizing, and operating personal computers

This course will help you validate you have mastered the technologies found in today’s extensive and varied IT environment to boost your career. This course series will also better qualify you for such jobs as computer systems analyst and information security specialist.
A+ Covered Topics
  Introduction to A+
  Personal Computer Basics
  	Processors
  	Memory
  	BIOS & CMOS
  	Expansion Bus
  	Motherboards
  	Power Supplies
  	Hard Drives and Other Media
  	Audio and Video
  	Printers
  	Networking
  	Security
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to assemble a new PC or troubleshoot the PC on their own.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate.




CCNA
CCNA is the composite exam associated with the Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing & Switching certification.This Course enables the candidate to create a LAN.

CCNA is the composite exam associated with the Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing & Switching certification. This exam tests a candidate's knowledge and skills required to install, operate, and troubleshoot a small to medium size enterprise branch network.
The CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) is one of the most well known entry-level certifications within the IT industry; holding this credential proves your ability to install, configure, manage and support small to medium sized networks. ... It's simple, earn the CCNA
CCNA Covered Topics
  Networking Fundamentals
  Networking Topologies
  Networking Reference Model
  	Networking Protocols
  	IP Addressing and Sub Netting
  VLSM
  IP Routing
  Back up and Restoring of Router Configuration
  Switching Concepts and Managing Cisco Switches
  Advanced Switching Technolog
  Virtual Local Area Network
  Network Security
  IP Services
  Wireless Technology and Wireless Security
  WAN Technologies
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to create a LAN and troubleshoot the network problems.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate.





RHCE
RHCSA is an entry level certification that focuses on actual competencies at system administration. It includes installation and configuration of a Red Hat Enterprise Linux system.

RHCE: Red Hat offers different level of certification programs. RHCSA is an entry level certification that focuses on actual competencies at system administration. It includes installation and configuration of a Red Hat Enterprise Linux system.It also attaches to live network running network services.
The responsibilities of a Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) include installing and maintaining networks using Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating systems. Like most Information Technology (IT) system administrators, an RHCE can work irregular hours and be called in at any time to handle system and network issues. Extensive knowledge of and experience with the Red Hat system is needed for this position and to pass certification.

Essential Information
Red Hat Certified Engineers (RHCEs) work as system administrators on networks that run the Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system. To achieve certification, they must gain the title Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA) and then pass the hands-on, performance-based RHCE exam. Prior to taking the exam, students must be proficient in Linux systems, including tools, configuration and maintenance.
Career Information for Red Hat Certified Engineers
Members of the IT profession, Red Hat Certified Engineers act as system administrators for networks that run the Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system. They may design and install an employer's computer network. They're also responsible for maintaining that network and ensuring that it runs efficiently. In addition to local operating systems, RHCEs might work with local area networks (LANs), wide area networks (WANs) and other Internet systems. Their job may involve helping other company employees with troubleshooting issues, as well as ensuring network security.
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to create a LAN and troubleshoot the network problems.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate.




Embedded courses


ARM
The ARM processor is a 32-bit RISC processor, meaning it is built using the reduced instruction set computer (RISC) instruction set architecture (ISA).


The ARM architecture is a widely used 32-bit RISC processor architecture. In fact, the ARM family accounts for about 75% of all 32-bit CPUs, and about 90% of all embedded 32-bit CPUs. An ARM processor is one of a family of CPUs based on the RISC (reduced instruction set computer) architecture developed by Advanced RISC Machines(ARM). ARM makes 32-bit and 64-bit RISC multi-core processors.
The ARM processor is a 32-bit RISC processor, meaning it is built using the reduced instruction set computer (RISC) instruction set architecture (ISA). ARM processors are microprocessors and are widely used in many of the mobile phones sold each year, as many as 98% of mobile phones.

ARM Covered Topics
  Introduction & applications of embedded systems
  Difference between MP & MC with internal H/W description
  Introduction to c programming
  C programming using turbo c compiler
  Key points of embedded c
  Compilers & ide description
  Introduction to arm 7 processor
  Lpc2148 processor pin description & memory
  System control
  Memory map , Pin connect block , GPIO
  Timers, ADC , DAC, UART
  I2C, SPI, RTC communications & watchdog timer
  MMI/HMI interfacings
  Applications and project design
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to get the hardware handling knowledge of ARM and it's programs as per the company’s expectations.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Softwares will provided for the students






PIC
PIC microcontrollers appeal to experimenters, especially in the fields of electronics and robotics.Key features include wide availability, low cost.

PIC is a family of microcontrollers made by Microchip family were available in 1976; by 2013 the company had shipped more than twelve billion individual parts, used in a wide variety of embedded systems. PIC microcontrollers are a family of specialized microcontroller chips produced by Microchip Technology in Chandler, Arizona. The acronym PIC stands for "peripheral interface controller," although that term is rarely used nowadays.A typical microcontroller includes a processor, memory, and peripherals.Every PIC microcontroller has a set of registers that also function as RAM (random access memory). Special purpose control registers for on-chip hardware resources are also mapped into the data space. Every PIC has a stack that saves return addresses. 

PIC Covered Topics
  Introduction & Applications Of Embedded Systems
  Difference Between MP & MC With Internal H/W Description
  Introduction To C Programming
  C programming using turbo c compiler
  Key points Of Embedded C
  Compilers & Ide Description
  Input / Output Programing Of Controller
  MC & Peripheral Modules Interfacing
  Communications
  Encoders & Decoders
  MMI/HMI Programming
  Application & Project Design
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to get the hardware handling knowledge of PIC and it's programs as per the company’s expectations.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Softwares will provided for the students







ARDUINO
Arduino is an open source computer hardware and software company and user community that designs and manufactures single-board microcontrollers


Arduino is an open source computer hardware and software company, project, and user community that designs and manufactures single-board microcontrollers and microcontroller kits for building digital devices and interactive objects that can sense and control objects in the physical world. The project's products are distributed as open-source hardware and software, which are licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) or the GNU General Public License (GPL) permitting the manufacture of Arduino boards and software distribution by anyone. Arduino boards are available commercially in preassembled form, or as do-it-yourself (DIY) kits.


ARDUINO Covered Topics
  Introduction To Embedded Systems
  Introduction To C Programming
  C Programming Using Turbo C Compiler
  Introduction To Arduino
  Ide And Product Description
  Input/ Output Programming
  Device Control Programming
  Interfacing Of Peripheral Hardware Modules
  Communications
  Analog And Digital Interfacings
  Encoders And Decoders
  Arduino In Robotic Application
  MMI/HMI Programming
  Applications And Project
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to get the hardware handling knowledge of ARDUINO and it's programs as per the company’s expectations.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Softwares will provided for the students



RASPBERRY PI
The Raspberry Pi is a small, low-power board built around a 700mHz ARMv6 CPU with hardware floating point and graphics processor integrated


The Raspberry Pi is a small, low-power board built around a 700mHz ARMv6 CPU with hardware floating point and graphics processor integrated in a single chip. The graphics processor and the CPU share 256MB of RAM.

The first generation (Raspberry Pi 1 Model B) was released in February 2012. It was followed by the simpler and cheaper Model A. In 2014, the Foundation released a board with an improved design in Raspberry Pi 1 Model B+. These boards are approximately credit-card sized and represent the standard mainline form-factor. Improved A+ and B+ models were released a year later. A "Compute Module" was released in April 2014 for embedded applications. The Raspberry Pi 2 which added more RAM was released in February 2015.

ARDUINO Covered Topics
  Introduction to Raspberry Pi
  Preparing Your Raspberry Pi for First Use
  Setting Up for a Perfect Pi Experience
  Introduction to LINUX Environment
  Getting Familiar with the GPIO Pins of your Pi -1
  Using Raspberry Pi for Applications.
  Setting Up Pi to be Accessed Remotely.
  Basics of Python Programming.
  Advanced Python
  LIVE Projects Covered
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to get the hardware handling knowledge of RASPBERRY PI and it's programs as per the company’s expectations.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Softwares will provided for the students







INTEL GALILEO
Intel Galileo features the Intel Quark SoC X1000, the first product from the Intel Quark technology family of low-power, small-core products.

Intel Galileo combines Intel technology with support for Intel ready-made hardware expansion cards (called "shields") and the Intel Galileo software development environment and libraries. The development board runs an open source Linux operating system with the Intel Galileo software libraries, enabling re-use of existing software, called "sketches". The sketch runs every time the board is powered. Intel Galileo can be programmed through OS X, Microsoft Windows and Linux host operating software. The board is also designed to be hardware and software compatible with the Intel Galileo shield ecosystem.

Intel galileo Covered Topics
   Introduction To Embedded Systems
   Introduction To C Programming
  C Programming Using Turbo C Compiler
  Introduction To Intel Galileo
  IDE And Product Description
  Input/ Output Programming
  Device Control Programming
  Interfacing Of Peripheral Hardware Modules
  Communications
  Analog And Digital Interfacings
  Encoders And Decoders
  Intel Galileo In Robotic Application
  MMI/HMI Programming
  Applications And Project
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to get the hardware handling knowledge of Intel galileo and it's programs as per the company’s expectations.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Softwares will provided for the students








ROBOTICS
Robotics is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and science that includes mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer science

ROBOTICS
Robotics is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and science that includes mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, and others
Robotics Covered Topics
   Introduction To Robotic Systems 
  Introduction To Microcontrollers 
  Instruction Set Of PIC / ARDUINO 
   Microcontroller Pin Description 
  Microcontroller Architecture 
   Basic & Port Programming Of PIC/ARDUINO
   Timer Programming Of PIC/ARDUINO 
   Interrupt Programming Of PIC/ARDUINO 
   Serial Communication Programming For PIC/ARDUINO 
   LCD & Seven Segment Display 
   C Programming 
   Embedded C 
  Compiler DESCRIPTION 
  Introduction To Applications Of Robotics 
   Hardware/Software Design 
   Effectors, Actuators And Motors
   Sensing And Sensors 
   Sensors And Other Peripherals 
   Mobile Platforms 
  Path Planning 
   Direct Kinematics 
   Inverse Kinematics 
  Group Robotics
Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to get the hardware handling knowledge of ROBOTICS and it's programs as per the company’s expectations.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Softwares will provided for the students


Designing courses

Photoshop

Photoshop is Adobe's photo editing, image creation and graphic design software.Open source alternatives to Photoshop include GIMP, a similar but free image editor that works on Mac, Windows and Linux.
The software provides many image editing features for raster (pixel-based) images as well as vector graphics. It uses a layer-based editing system that enables image creation and altering with multiple overlays that support transparency. Layers can also act as masks or filters, altering underlying colors. Shadows and other effects can be added to the layers. Photoshop actions include automation features to reduce the need for repetitive tasks. An option known as Photoshop CC (Creative Cloud) allows users to work on content from any computer. Open source alternatives to Photoshop include GIMP, a similar but free image editor that works on Mac, Windows and Linux. 
Photoshop Covered Topics
  Getting acquainted with Photoshop
  	Basic Image Manipulation	
  	Color Basics
  	Painting Tools
  Brush Settings
  	Making Selections
  	Filling and Strokes
  	Working with Layers
  	Working with Text
  	Working with selections

Course Outcome
This Course enables the candidate to any kind of graphic designs like magazines, books, flyers, brochures, logo, visiting card and wedding banner or business designs.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (Adobe Photoshop CS6) will be provided to the students.





COREL DRAW
CorelDraw is a vector graphics editor developed and marketed by Corel Corporation. It is also the name of Corel's Graphics Suite, which bundlesCorelDraw with bitmap-image editor Corel Photo-Paint as well as other graphics-related programs.

Corel Draw is a PC-based graphic design vector drawing program. You can use Corel Draw to tackle a wide variety of projects - from Illustration and logo creation to Web graphics or multi-page marketing brochures, or eye-catching signs. You can also Draw shapes, work with text, add colour and effects, Corel Draw is a very flexible vector and graphic package. You can do many things in Corel Draw. You can create basic shapes and lines to complex ones which are used to create vector illustrations, logos, clipart, etc. You can also import images and trace them to form vectored files. When a file is vectored you can also print it on a laser cutter out of card, wood, or plastic (note: you cannot do this with an image). 
Corel Draw Covered Topics
  Introduction to Corel Draw
  Text Tool
  	Artistic and Paragraph Text
  Formatting Text
  Embedding Objects into Text
  Applying Effects

Course Outcome
This course enables the candidate to any kind of graphic designs like magazines, books, flyers, brochures, logo, visiting card and wedding banner or business designs.
Take Away
All the candidates will be provided with a course completion certificate. Software’s (Corel Draw Graphics Suite X6) will be provided to the students.





AUTOCAD
About Course
Autocad Electrical Software is mainly develop for Electrical Designers. Created for electrical control systems, AutoCAD Electrical design software includes all the functionality of AutoCAD plus a complete set of electrical CAD features. Comprehensive symbol libraries and tools for automating electrical design tasks help to save hours of effort, so electrical engineers can spend more time innovating.
What do you use AutoCAD for?
Our Course aim to teach students electrical drawings, schematic and design of electrical layout, wiring diagram, PLC symbols in ladder diagram, perform point to point wiring, custom symbols and run reports.
Content
•Basics of AutoCAD
  2 Dimensions
  Commands
 
•Getting comfortable with the AutoCAD Environment
•Creating an AutoCAD Electrical project
•Electrical Schematic Design
  Power system Design
  Estimation
  Electrical analysis
•Symbol Builders and Circuit Builders
•Component Tools
•Wire/ Wire Number Tools
•Ladder Logic Tools
•Program Logic Control (PLC) layout modules
•Point to Point wiring tools
•Panel Layout
•Report Generation
Course Outcome
Through this course the students can able to handle power system electrical drawings, MEP Electrical drawings and various other domain like Electronics & Automotive systems.





MAT LAB
MATLAB is a high-performance language for technical computing. It integrates computation, visualization, and programming in an easy-to-use environment where problems and solutions are expressed in familiar mathematical notation. A proprietary programming language developed by MathWorks, MATLAB allows matrix manipulations, plotting of functions and data, implementation of algorithms, creation of user interfaces, and interfacing with programs written in other languages, including C, C++, C#, Java, Fortran and Python.

MATLAB is likely to be used to explore new theories. When applied to science, MATLAB helps you perform “what if” analysis that helps you confirm the viability of a theory. Of course, science is used in many different ways. For example,you might be involved in the health industry and using science to find a cure for cancer or the Ebola virus. A computer scientist might look for a new way to use computer technology to aid those with accessibility needs.
ENGAGING MATHEMATICS
Some people simply enjoy playing with math. It’s the reason that so many theorems are available today to solve problems. These people are engaged with math in a way that few others can readily understand. MATLAB makes it possible to play with math, to create new ways of using numbers to perform useful tasks.
EXPLORING RESEARCH
After a question is asked and an answer is given, a researcher must convince colleagues that the answer is correct and then viable to put into practice. MATLAB lets you check the answer and verify that it does, in fact, work as the researcher suggests. After an answer is proven, the researcher can use MATLAB further to define precisely how the answer is used.
EMPLOYING IMAGE PROCESSING
Image processing is the act of managing the pixels in an image using math techniques to modify the matrix values. Techniques such as adding two matrices together are common when performing image processing.
WALKING THROUGH A SIMULATION
Using a simulation rather than a real-world counterpart is a low-cost approach to testing that is an essential part of any sort of scientific or engineering endeavor today, for these reasons:
  Saves human lives
  Saves time
  various solutions
  Reduces costs
  Improves the chances of a new technology succeeding
  Increases the security surrounding a new technology.



Workshop




Implant training


WHY INPLANT TRAINING IS IMPORTANT?
Inplant Training is crucial in every student’s life before getting the degree. Because it is not just knowledge it is a work experience for students. 
   Students will get training from the sector professionals who have sufficient knowledge and experience. And the professionals will also share the same throughout the inplant training period.
   It is important to get training on the upcoming modern technology, which helps students to get the skill required to the industry.
WHY SHOULD YOU JOIN US?
Makes courses of international standards available at low prices within the city – keep it easy for students to join and excel. Our workshop sizes are small enough to ensure personal attention for each student.
TAKE AWAY
  Inplant Plant (IPT) Certificate will be provided to the Students
  Sample Resumes for Placements
  Useful Softwares
We provide Inplant Training for CSE/IT/ECE/EEE/MCA students



Mini project
Mini Project is any project that requires comparatively less time than actual projects. In colleges, final year projects might take many months, however the pre-final year projects are much simpler and have shorter durations and are often called mini projects. 
A mini project is an assignment that you try to complete at the end of every semester ,especially in engineering to strengthen the understanding of your fundamentals through effective application of theoretical concepts.

We provide mini projects for arts and engineering students on the following areas:
   Java Projects
  .Net Projects
  PHP Projects
  Embedded Projects
  Robotics Projects




Final Year IEEE projects


Embedded Systems
GPS/GSM
IOT
ROBOTICS
WIRELESS
DSP/DIP
DEPARTMENT OF EEE
VLSI


GALLERY


